High in this video we're going to start looking at a very important topic of closures.
So let's talk about closure and free variables and let's think back to what we did in a few videos or
go we we're looking at non-local variables.
So just as a reminder let's say we've got this out-of function that creates a local variable x currently
set to Python.
Then inside our we defined another function that referenced X they didn't assign any value to X it just
referenced it.
So Python saw that when it was created at creation time.
Which happens when it will happen when al-Dura is called right.
When outer is created it doesn't create it.
Because remember the contents of outer don't get executed until the function is called Just the creation
happens.
So in his creation doesn't happen until order is called When Andrew is called it sees this X where it's
creating.
And so it says ok x will be non-local.
Then we've done all that before.
So this X and this X are the same.
We sometimes said very loosely that this X refers to this one.
But it's not a direct reference.
And this is going to become really important when we talk about closures and I'll explain that more
in a bit.
So this X and this X are the same.
Then after we've defined inner we call inner from inside out.
And so this X refers to the one in the outer scope.
Right.
This non-local variable x is also called a free variable.
That's the more technical term.
When we talk about these kinds of non-local variables We also refer to them as free variables.
Now we can call our.
And what happens when we call out we get Python rocks right.
It actually went looked up the value for x.
Now remember when it was created when Outer was called.
Right.
First thing it did was create energy.
It didn't look up the value for X until it was called.
So at that point that's when X was evaluated.
Python so that its value was Python and so it printed up Python rocks.
So I'm keep stressing this creation time and run time because that's really important.
So when we consider here in ASH we're really looking at two things right.
We're looking at the function.
Yeah because we've got the in a function but we also have this X right.
So the inner function has its local scope but X is not in the local scope of its living somewhere else.
Right.
It's this free variable that's living outside of it.
So when we consider dinner when you go in here we're really talking about two things in here.
And the free variable x those two things along with it right because X isn't inside her.
So we have to consider that these two things kind of live together.
They have to be bound together and that's called a closure.
Right.
And that's because we say in a basically encloses it's free variables so it's a closure.
So now let's do something a little different.
Right.
Instead of calling enter from inside the outer function which is going to return right you can return
functions in Python it's just going to be a higher order function.
So let's go ahead and do that.
So it's the same code.
The only difference is that I'm removing the call to enter and I'm just returning it.
I'm not calling it I'm just returning the function.
So we still have a closure right.
When we are.
Oliver we are still going to have a closure in there.
Plus it's free variable right.
So we have those two things.
Now this happens when outer runs then the the closure is created but the inner is not called anymore
inside out.
Instead it's returned.
So we have this closure.
What are we returning when we say return if we're returning the closure not just the function bearing
off it's free variables.
It's the function plus it's free variables is the function plus the little extra bit.
Right.
So when we return an error we're returning the closure we have to consider that now we can assign that
return value to a variable name right when we call our.
We get a function back.
We get a closure back but we get this function with it's extra variables so we can assign it a label
FM.
So now FLN is that closure.
And if we call AFN since fm is really nothing more than in-air with the free variables it will print
up Python rocks.
Kind of makes sense but does it really.
So when we called F-in remember that Python doesn't evaluate x until it needs it which means we when
we call enter then it will go and look up the value for x.
So it's going to look at the value for x where is it going to find X X was a local variable in outer
When we called in or from inside the out of function that kind of made sense that yeah you know Python
sees this X so it just looks fine is an hour and then it says oh it's equal to Python.
But in this case when we call F-in by that time Aalto has finished running.
Right.
It's finished running.
It's Scopus gone.
How can FM.
Now go ahead and see oh you know ex-secret to python in the outer scope.
The audio is gone.
And yet it still worked.
It still retained its value.
Right.
So that should be weird.
That should sound odd.
It's like what's going on how can it possibly retain that value of x.
Right.
Even though the function that defined it the scope what X was defined went away.
Well that's because of that closure that closure captured this variable x.
Right.
And so it did something a little special to handle it so that when outer finishes running the closure
still has whatever that variable was.
So let's take a look at how that works.
And we're going to take a look at Python cells and in general multis scoped variables what happens when
you have a variable that is inside two scopes as we have here with the closure.
Right.
The variable inside the function and the variable in the enclosing function.
Two different scopes same variable.
So it's shared between those two.
So we set that that variable has multiple scopes.
So just to keep it very very simple.
Here we have out of X equals Python.
We have our inner function which prints x x is a reference to the outdoors x.
So therefore in there an X is a closure right.
So the value of x is shared between two scopes.
The outer function and the closure the inner function.
So this label X is in two different scopes but it's really the same x.
Right.
It has to be the same x.
So that's kind of weird right.
It's the X label.
We have to differentiate between the label and the value.
So the label is in two different scopes but the value that it's referencing is the same.
How does Python do that what Python does that by creating an intermediary object.
And so here's how it does it.
We we let's we're going to call this a cell phone calls it's a cell it's an object that has a memory
address just like any object but what it does it basically contains a reference to another object and
that object is all string object that was set x to right and it has a memory address and a value of
Python.
In this case.
So what happens is that under normal circumstances if we have an error in print X here.
Right.
If we just had Def our exit Python return x for example then what would happen is that x would be a
pointer directly to this object which in memory the string object however is here because we have a
closure because we have a shared variable right between two different scopes.
Python sees that and says OK I need to do something special here.
And it creates this cell.
And now what happens is that the X in the outer scope.
Right.
So I'm writing it as are the dot X don't think of this as object notation it's not.
I'm just saying this is the X and the Alt-A scope points to this cell and the cell in turn points to
the string Python and the inner X the x inside inner does the same thing.
It points to that cell and that seldom turns points to Python.
And this is what happens when you deal with non-local variables.
Right.
This has nothing to do with just being a closure.
It's just that you have a variable in two different scopes.
So thinking back to when we discussed non-local variables and roomer we're thinking of changing things
and I said well that's not really a chain.
It's really pointing to the same object but I couldn't really explain how a can of point to the same
object it points to the same object by using this intermediary this cell that cell is going to have
the same memory address.
In this case I took an example a five hundred.
So the real memory address of x is a 500.
The real memory address of x which is also a 500.
But when we referred to X when we want to get the value for x for example then Python is going to use
this indirect reference.
It's going to essentially do a double hop.
Right.
So the variable x and outer and inner point to the same cell.
But Python knows that we're dealing with a cell and so it will go and look at the end direct reference.
You'll think of it that way it's double hopping every time we retrieve the value.
And then when we work with setting the value it will be the same thing will be changing what this cell
points to.
Right.
So if we had non-local X and X equals hello then what would happen when we called the inner function
that gets returned.
Is that it would change what cell points to to now point to Hello.
Right.
That's a shared variable.
So the value changes but Python is able to keep track of what's what by using this intermediate cell.
So now you should understand why when that out of function finishes running and we call the returned
value it still knows what X is because it still knows what cell is cell.
Right.
Then go away cell was the reference that X that outer X pointed to with out of finished running.
This goes away.
But in a dot X still points to the same cell that object is still reference it's not garbage collected
yet.
All right
so now sometimes you want to think of closures in more practical terms.
You kind of need to remember that whole cell thing that whole indirect right way of getting to the value
because it helps understand how variables are shared.
What happens with shared scopes.
Right.
It will help you kind of you know keep that straight.
But very often we just think of it would say hey it's the same variable.
However Python does it.
Yeah it uses this intermediate cell.
That's fine right but so you think of the closure as a function plus the free variables that extend
scope that contains the free variables.
Now the free variables values is the object that the cell points to.
Right.
So that could change over time.
The cell address won't change but what it points to can change.
So every time the function in the closure is called then and the free variable is referenced then Python
looks up the cell object that the free variable points to and does the double hop right it basically
does that double hop to see OK what's the actual value.
But it doesn't do that until you call the function right when you create the function.
It's just creating the pointer to cell and then when you call the function it does the double hop to
look up the value.
So in this case you're right.
Let's say we have the function OutServe has local variable A's 100 local variable x equals Python.
Then we define a function inside.
It also defines a equal 10.
But you'll notice there's an assignment.
I didn't say non-local.
So a is a local variable to enter.
It's not the same as the one in our.
We've seen that before.
And then we print something that references X while this X wasn't assigned a value.
So Python when inner is created says Ah ha.
This is going to be a non local variable.
In other words it is a closure and it's going to create that double hop.
So a is going to be a direct pointer to the object 100 but X is going to be a pointer to a cell and
this X is going to point to the same cell as well.
Right.
So this is our closure.
And these two axes point to the cell which indirectly references the string Python.
You'll notice that a is not part of the closure.
Right because as a local variable here it is a local variable here.
They're not the same.
Is that not part of the closure therefore.
OK so now we can call out here and assign that to FM and is going to return what it's going to return
a function.
Right.
So this function is going to be what one is going to be in a function that gets returned.
But remember this is a closure.
So it really also includes its captured variables its extended scope.
So it includes the free variable x which again is what the X the free variable x in this closure is.
Remember this cell over here and Python will know to do the double hop when it needs to evaluate x when
it does the print then.
Right so at this point it hasn't evaluated X.
Right now I just said OK.
He has enough and it has this variable x that points to this value here right to the cell when we call
fen right if we call FLN then it's going to execute enter and then that will print out Python rocks
that we saw before at that point X will get evaluated via the double hop and Python will come back and
so will print up Python rocks.
OK.
Let's look at introspection.
So again same example as before.
Right.
So remember again we have these.
This X is part of the closure.
Therefore it's us pointing to a cell and indirectly referencing Python.
So we run out.
We assign it to effen and we can look at this our property called Dondre code and that Dunta code property
itself has another property called free variables.
Cofre Yvonne's that will tell you that will give you a tuple listing out all the free variable labels
that are in use.
And this case it tells us X is a free variable and that's the only one because a you'll notice is not
a free variable.
Now we can also call f n double underscore Dondre closure.
That's kind of an interesting one that's going to give us the following back.
It's going to give us that this is an object so again it's going to be a tuple because there could be
more than one free variable in the closure.
But it's going to contain the tuple this cell object the same cell object we talked about and it's going
to tell us the cell object is that this memory address.
And you'll notice that the same memory address as this one here in the diagram.
And it contains a string object.
It's pointing to a string object at some other memory address.
Yes this one over here.
Right.
So when you do done the closer it actually tells you exactly what's going on with your free variable.
And if you have more than one you'll get multiple entries in the tuple.
Now the one thing I was telling you about this double hop is that you know one of the reasons why you
don't really have to think about that double hop all the time is because Python takes care of that for
you.
Right.
So when we're in here when we print x.
Python knows that yeah x is in the cell at a 500 but I need to go and look up the value of f.f.
One hundred and so it does that automatically we don't have to think about it.
And so we get Python rocks right.
But now what's interesting is what about the memory address of x in the outer function and the memory
address of X and the inner function.
What are we going to get back.
Are we going to get back the cell.
That's technically what X is pointing to.
Well again Python does kind of some heavy lifting for us.
Not that we really need to work with memory addresses but still it's useful for debugging purposes to
know what what you're what object is X pointing to in the double hop.
So that's what Python gives us back.
It gives us the indirect reference back.
So if we print Hecht's of ID of X here we'll get our first 100 which is the the object that contains
the string Python right.
This one over here.
And the same thing inside the inner function.
It will give us the indirect reference right to the Python object.
So it's it's kind of hidden from us right.
It's very opaque that Python is using this intermediary cell but it is doing that.
Can you should think of it that way and that will help sometimes figure out what's happening with scopes.
OK how about modifying the free variables.
Well remember when we did non-local and one of the past videos right we were able to basically change
the value of the non-local variable count.
Right.
In this case.
So here's a very simple closure but pretty typical of what you might do for closures.
So here's the count function.
It creates a local variable called Count that creates a function Inc.
Right.
Or defines a function.
And the function Enke says I'm going to use this variable count and it's going to be non-local when
counter is called Right.
What it's called at that time Inc will be created and count will be a non-local variable which means
that pythoness is going to create a cell and count in counter and count in ink are getting referenced.
That's right.
Just as we saw before.
So the closer the free variable is counts or the closure is ink and count right count the free variable.
It's bound to the cell count to the cell right.
Not to the variable count not to the object that count was pointing to that cell because it's a free
variable enclosure.
So we call Kelner we get the closure back right.
We get ink and count.
So F-in is the closure ink and count which is currently 0.
So when we call F.M. What do we get back.
Well initially count as zero.
Right.
So when we call think what happens it says count is equal to count plus 1.
So County 2 1 rights sets of to 1 returns count and we get one back.
Makes sense right.
Count indirect reference change from the object 0.
So the object 1 we call f and again we get to well yeah count was 1 we add 1 to it.
That's two and then we're right on that.
We get two back right.
OK.
What about multiple instances of closures.
And that's really again important to understand but if you understand when that cell is created and
how it's created then this is very easy.
So every time we run a function a new scope is created.
So that function generates a closure while a new closure is created every time as well.
So give an example of what that really means.
So just going to use the same example as before.
Right.
This is our closure and now we're going to call counter and assign it one within a call counter and
assign it to two.
OK what happens when we call counter what we call counter.
It creates at that point the closure.
Right because we've called countersue.
So it creates Inc.
And the closure.
But now because Count is a free variable count is going to point to some cell some memory address some
way.
OK.
And then we return the closure and assign it to 1.
Now we call counter again.
Well this is now different call to counter.
It has its own local scope and it creates its own closure.
So guess what the cell that gets created with the free variable count and the second time around.
Well that cell doesnt have the same memory address as the first time it was created.
Right.
Theres no reason why it should have so we have two different closures that don't have a shared scope.
The though that cell that's being used for Count has a different memory address with EF 1 and EF 2.
And in fact if you do EF 1 Dunder closure for EF 1 and EF 2 you'll see that it doesn't.
The cell doesn't live in the same memory address even though you might notice the value that both cells
point to is the same.
Right.
Because remember that zero is just going to be a singleton object if you don't remember that.
Go back to some of the earlier videos that we had on integers and how some of them are stored in pre-built
into memory as Singleton objects.
OK so when we call EF 1 what happens while we get one right.
Same thing as before we call EF 1 again we get two and then again we get three and so on.
What happens when we call ef to it's its own closure at this point we call f 2.
What's the value for count 0.
Right.
We call f to count is currently zero.
It's a different scope.
And then it adds one to it.
So it's going to return one.
All right.
So EF 1 an EF 2 do not have the same extended scope that different instances of the closure because
they were created inside different scopes right.
Every time we call a function a new scope is created and if the closure is Creadon that new scope but
obviously the closures can have the same scope and thats because the cells are different are created
differently from one call to the next.
So can we share extended scopes.
And the answer to that is yes lets see how we might do something like that.
So its OK we've got this out of function and we have a local variable count and then we create this
function called Ink 1 which references count as non-local.
So thats a closure right.
So right away we know.
And one is a closure count here and count there have the same cell reference right there reference the
same cell.
So count the free variable and its bound to count in the extended scope but Inc 2 does the same thing
so it also is a closure and its count is the same as the count that's out here.
In other words what's happening is that this count is pointing to the same cell as this count and this
count points to the same cell so all three counts are pointing to the same cell.
So you can see that count inside the first closure and count inside that second closure all the same
right.
It's the same count.
So we have a shared scope right there.
Right.
Or count is shared between multiple scopes not just our it's shared between these two closures as well.
And now we can return the two closures in a tuple.
So if we do that then we can assign we can call out and unpack the tuple into the labels.
EF 1 an EF 2 if one is going to be the closure Enke one and count and EF 2 is going to be the closure
end to and count but the count is going to be the same between the two offical EF 1 we get 1 for call
EF 2.
What do we get.
Well it's the same count right.
So when EF 1 is finished running what's County equal to 1 when we call EF 2 at that point when we call
EF 2 we're calling Inc 2.
At that point when we say count equals count plus one Python goes and says All I need to look up the
value for count.
So remember I I was harping upon that right in the beginning.
You've got to understand when is the closure created versus when are the free variables evaluated.
Right.
The closure is created when the function is created that's when Python decides it's a closure.
It's going to use that cell.
You know it's going to do the double hop eventually but it doesn't actually evaluate the value of the
free variable until you call the function in that closure at that point.
It runs the function and then it needs to evaluate count.
In this case.
So when EF 2 is called then it needs to go evaluate count what counts already 1.
So it's going to add 1 to 1 that's going to be to assign it to count and then return count which is
2.
So when we call if we actually get 2 back.
So that's an example of how you can share the extended scope between two different closures.
Those are two different poses but they have a shared free variable.
So you might think that well this is kind of highly unusual right.
I mean how often are you going to do something like that.
Probably not that often.
Well it's actually it actually happens a lot more than you might think.
And it happens by mistake and I think that's the main thing.
That's why I want to point it out because it's very easy to fall into a trap here.
Let me show you what I mean.
That's what we want to create this function.
So it is going to take a parameter n and it's going to define inside another function inner.
That itself takes another parameter x and it's going to return x plus n.
So essentially I'm adding two values together but I'm using closer or closer to do that.
OK.
So what's the closure.
Well in this case the closure is inner and end.
Right.
Because and is being referenced.
But it's the one that's in Adam.
So the closure is inner and this and this and point to the same cell.
OK.
So now I can call out a with a value of 1.
So this is going to give me a closure which is going to be this in a function with and pointing to some
cell that currently points to the value one I can call at or Again it's going to return another function
in age.
Right.
But this time it's going to point to another cell that is itself going to point to some object that
contains the integer 2 and then the same thing with three.
So in fact when we call add 1 it's going to add 1 to whatever we pass in as the parameter for ADD 1
because remember add 1 is just in it.
So it expects one parameter as well.
Right.
The point though is that those are three different closures no shared scopes.
They were created from different calls to the function different scopes.
There are four different closures.
So we will add one on ten right.
X is now 10 and it's going to say OK we'll add one X closer the value for N What is it.
Oh it's one.
OK.
And want to add in return.
We get 11 when we call add 2 on 10 that says OK what's add 2.
Well it's the closure and right in there with an equal to 2 different cell and it's references to.
OK I'm going to add 2 to X and returns there for 12.
And the same thing with ADD three returns the team.
So so far no shift scopes right.
Good.
The only thing is though as soon as you start writing code like this add one and two and three you notice
it's so repetitive.
Immediately we think of loops right.
We think well I don't want to write the same thing more than once so I'm going to write a loop in this
case I probably wouldn't for three three times the same thing and it's such easy code but you may have
more than that or you may have something more complicated.
It's like I'm going to write it in a loop.
OK fair enough.
So we can do that.
But there's a caveat I'd say we tried it this way.
So I'm going to create this empty list adder's and essentially add it is going to contain my closures
and I'm going to build those corridors inside a loop.
I'm going to create a loop for n in range 1 through 4.
So it's going to go 1 2 and 3 right.
And this is going to start at 1 and then the next iteration and will become two and then and will become
three.
You'll notice I'm saying and will become.
It's not creating a new and every time this iteration runs right every iteration is still the same variable
and it's the same label n it just that it's going to point to different values 1 2 and 3.
Right.
But it's still the same label and.
OK.
So now we still need to create the adder function.
So we're going to use a lambda expression and what is the lambda do while it's going to take in a single
parameter x just like that.
And you know that increment function did.
And we're going to return x plus n now n is not defined as a parameter for lambda.
So and is a free variable.
We've just created a closure.
And what do we do with an appended to the Adders array to the Adams list.
Now a side note.
There's a misconception that lambda expressions are the same thing as closures the not lambda expressions
just create functions.
A function is a function a function only becomes a closure if it has a free variable lambda expressions
of functions.
They don't have to have a free variable.
They don't have a free variable.
Then all the closer.
Right.
So the thing is that we often create closures using lambdas like in this example here.
And so very often we are lambdas and closures are introduced at the same time but they have nothing
to do right write a lambda is not necessarily a closure and a closure is not necessarily a lambda closure
just means this expanded scope right.
The concept we talked about.
OK so what's happening here when the free variable is and what end is this.
While it's obviously not the end inside the scope of love that Lambro function because it wasn't defined
in there right.
So it has to be from the outer scope which outer scope is that.
Well this one out here.
So it's this label n so this n and this and mean the same thing.
So what happens Lascelle now is created and this end points to that cell and that end points to the
same cell and that cell currently points to the value and equals one.
When we have our first iteration.
So when N equals 1 the free variable in the lambdas and it's bound to the end that we created in the
loop essentially.
Right now when we run unequals to what happens.
Well again we create another closure right.
X plus end equals to now.
But what does that mean.
It means that remember n is going to point to the same cell as the end in the loop.
Right and then it's going to set that an equal to two right because an equals two.
So what's happening is that it's bound to the same end we traded in the loop but any equals to now right.
We set n equal to 2 in the outside scope but all it does remember is that it changes the indirect value.
The direct value of the direct pointer of this and this and that was created in these two different
loops is all pointing to the same cell.
And if you do that again third time same thing happens it's bound to the same end.
Which means it's bound to the same cell.
But now the cell is pointing to a new value and equals three because we changed the value of n in the
outside right in the external scope in the in the enclosing scope to 3.
So now we have three levels three closures that each have this free variable and that are all pointing
to the same cell and the end in the for loop is also pointing to the same cell.
So now you can hopefully see the problem right.
I can call the closures this way right.
I've got my three closures and the arrows when we call the last one we get 13 back 10 plus three that's
what we expected.
But if we call the first one back we also get 14 y.
Wow.
And was changed to three.
And the very last iteration.
So now all the ends are pointing to one cell that points to three now because we changed it to three.
When the last iteration ran.
And remember when does end get evaluated.
And I keep going back to that because it's important that N gets evaluated when the closure is called.
So when we call as 0 on 10 at that point Python says OK what's.
And I need to know what N is O N is an indirect thing.
Go to the cell.
So points to three.
OK it's three.
Return time plus three it returns the team and you get the same thing if you add one.
Right.
So I've seen this problem come up again and again in various discussions online.
And this is why it's because of that seldom gets used when you have a closure.
Right.
And in this case we're sharing it with this and out here which is the same.
And so it's a shame these free variables are sharing.
Right.
The same cell.
So not uncommon to get into situations like that.
All right the last thing I want to talk about are nested closures.
We can nest closures we can nest functions right.
You can.
We saw that we had one level of nesting outer and inner But you can nest multiple levels.
So let's see what I mean by that.
Let's say we have this incremental function.
And basically I want to kind of expand on the increment closure that we had where Remember the count
was just set to zero inside the counter of the outer function.
Right.
And then the increment function just added 1 to it.
So what I want to do is I want to be able to set the start value and the step value for something like
this.
So a very simple way of doing it might be this.
And here we're going to define this increment and the incremental is going to take in the step that
so end is going to be the step.
And what does incremental do.
It defines inner.
That itself takes in a parameter stumped.
Okay.
So end is local to incremented stuff is local to and here I said current equal to stuff that's just
because I want to rename that label.
So just to keep it more consistent with this to forward to make more sense inside the not nested function
below.
And the next thing that I do inside in air is I create another function right.
So you see now with two levels deep and I say non-local current or which current is that while it's
this one over here.
Right.
So Inc has a free variable current then I say current equals current plus and I haven't assigned N..
So Python looks at that and says well that's non-local and therefore this is a free variable as well.
So if you look at Inc.
Right.
The closure is ink with current and N that's the closure current lives here.
And where does any live and doesn't live in NF and is actually lives in incrementals that's where it
was defined.
It was the parameter to increment.
So this n and this n share the same cell and this current And this current share the same cell right
should be pretty straightforward to understand what's going on.
So now let's look at what happens when we call incremental.
We give it a value of two while we've just called increment for what is going to return.
It's going to return that inner closure right that inner function with the closure.
But what's the closure of pinners while it's ignorant.
M right.
So if you look at the freezer free variables the free vars in Python it will give you a tuple of a single
element.
And the current value of N is to so now F-in is itself a function that we can call in a function.
So we can call it a start value let's say 100.
Right.
So what happens here.
Well it's going to return Inc.
Right so it's going to return another function another closure.
What is the closure.
Well the closure is current and N.
Right.
Because we're referencing current and m so the free vars will tell you it's current and not.
You'll notice that in there right or the end of closure included.
And even though we didn't reference and directly inside there was still reference to it within an hour.
But inside another function that's still inside the inner function so end is still you know a free variable
in it.
Even though it's not used directly in the body of inner it's used indirectly inside this.
Nested closures.
But it's still there.
Right.
So currently current is 100 and is equal to 2.
So if you go back to what happens well current is 100 and equal to what is it going to do.
It's going to add two to it and return it.
So it's going to return.
It's going to call.
And it's going to turn 102 and then current will now be 102 and stays at two.
And if you call again you'll get 104 current will be 104 and will be called to so nested closures is
actually pretty common.
It's something that we'll see when we get to decorator's later on in the section.
We'll start with simpler decorator's that don't require nested functions.
They do require closures but we'll see where we might start requiring nested closures in order to do
certain types of decorators.
All right.
So thanks for watching.
It's an important topic.
It's been long.
Take a break and come back and we'll dive into the code.
So thanks for watching.
I'll see you in a bit.